China has been making some moves
liquidity is the name of the game The
People's Bank of China is no different
than the fed the ECB and the bank of
Japan they all manipulate liquidity in
order to distort markets in their favor
sometimes they work against each other
and this is known as a currency war and
it's on right now you came here for the
truth so let me unveil that for you we
are going to cover China today to look
at what they're doing in fact they've
created an alltime record debt in one
month
$540 billion worth injecting this in
let's begin with
this China's Central Bank restarted the
use of an instrument that adds cash to
the financial system helping ease
liquidity concerns before $153 billion
of funds come due this week this is huge
news today and it connects in with
another article that I'll show you in a
moment the monetary Authority sold a
total of a 100 billion yuan that's 14.5
billion of re reverse repurchase
agreements reverse
repos the first auction after a Six-Day
pause a statement posted on the website
showed talks about the open market
operations this is very
important resulted in a net withdrawal
of 90 billion one it goes on this is key
it's important to know and this is the
open market operations are the strategy
That central banks use in order to
manipulate the markets it's very
important very very important to
understand that I talk about in my new
book
this here the chart may be a little
difficult for you to tell exactly what's
going
on but we're going to read the bolded
part in
January right here starting here in
January Beijing injected the greatest
amount of aggregate monthly credit
between bank and Shadow loans I.E total
social financing on record amounting to
an all alltime high of
$540 billion worth this is massive this
is gigantic and you can see what's
happening in China right now there are
major changes which are going on China
is supporting their markets supporting a
false economy but it's no different than
what other central banks are doing as
well but what I've noticed over the
years is that they don't all necessarily
need to print at one time because the
way that the currency flows you know if
they were to print money today it might
not see an increase in asset prices for
let's say months or potentially years
down the road that's not how it works
doesn't just you know get printed and
immediately have an effect it's not
necessarily the case it takes a while to
have that current that flow remember
that so let's look at what they're doing
as well China's Holdings of us
treasuries declined by the most on
record last year as the world's second
largest economy dipped into its foreign
exchange reserves to butress the uan
Japan America's largest foreign creditor
trimmed its Holdings for a second
straight
year so I'll ask the question once again
and I know that many of you replied on
the last one when I asks
this who will be the
buyer when the biggest creditors are
selling you tell me
who a monthly Treasury Department report
released showed China held1 trillion do
in government bonds
and that's definitely a significant
number no matter how you slice you know
they've decreased perhaps they've sold
off some or potentially not purchased
that much compared to
previous but it shows a trend one which
has been increasing as of
late
and
it's suggesting red here that they've
been burning burned through a quarter of
its War chest since 2014 in an effort to
underpin thean and deter capital from
fleeing the country that's important as
well all right we're going to go through
a whole bunch of charts now let's see
this maturity pressure liquidity
challenge as the pre Lunar New Year
comes due reverse repos and you can see
that the it's quite dismal as the days
go on here H sang China Enterprises
Index this is showing you let's say you
know 10 days or so and what we will note
from here is it's going up and up and up
and what else is going up China rebar
Futures up and up and
up Shanghai rubber Futures going up as
well copper Futures up as as well iron
ore Futures basically all of these
Commodities are rising at this time
that's a good sign if you believe that
there will either be inflation or there
is going to be uh some sort of stimulus
added to the economy whether that is
building buildings you know whether more
ghost cities or anything else just
general
infrastructure they need raw materials
and these seem to be increasing at this
time and this right here is obviously
the USD versus uh the uh Yuan or renman
B and the exchange rate has been
declining yet again several days here of
uh straight decline that's something
that has been noted over time they're
saying that they're doing this in order
to reduce Capital flight they need to
keep the money in but I do see overall I
mean you zoom this chart back to a
10year for example and you'll get a
bigger picture a much different picture
but this is sort of the short-term Trend
and I do believe it is important to look
at that last but not least China sells
most on record so this is a chart
showing you that Nation owns fewer us
treasuries to uh fight the capital out
flows and look at that significant
amount I mean this chart goes back to
let's say 2001 or so and you have not
seen a level anywhere near this so this
is very big news and I hope that it is
brought more into the mainstream we need
to get people to understand how the
Nations you know maybe the biggest
creditor or maybe the second biggest
creditor at any given moment but when
they start selling off that debt it's a
very very serious problem because guess
who has to come and save the day you if
you found this video informative please
give a thumbs up last but not least if
you found the video informative well
then you're going to find my book The
Money GPS even more informative you know
I've actually gone and taken this
subject of finance and made it very easy
and I've done so using charts and
diagrams which I have drawn up for this
book so if you go over to Amazon you can
actually look through the book and flip
through the pages for yourself take care
if you're still here I just wanted to
let you know that my new book global
economic collapse has been submitted to
Amazon they're doing their little
review and this will be able hopefully
will be able to um be
viewed I'm hoping tomorrow I don't know
how long it takes for them to do their
process but as early as tomorrow I will
definitely be mentioning it in a video
of course so stay tuned for that I also
doing a video on x22 reports don't tell
anybody I said that and that will happen
uh tomorrow night as of this recording
it will be tomorrow night and I don't
know when he's going to post it but look
for the x22 spotlight I'll be on there I
know a lot of you are fans of uh Dave as
well so check that out take care